Maria Minina (she/her): Hello!
Taylor Macdonald: Wow!
Maria Minina (she/her): Oh!
Taylor Macdonald: There we go!
Maria Minina (she/her): I recognize the background. Are you guys back in California.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay.
Taylor Macdonald: That's funny.
Maria Minina (she/her): How's it going.
Taylor Macdonald: Good! How are you?
Maria Minina (she/her): I'm all right. Pretty good.
Maria Minina (she/her): I guess you guys made it back to California now it's gotten chilly. A chillier.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, we just finished visiting our family in Nevada. So we're back now.
Maria Minina (she/her): Nice
Maria Minina (she/her): you guys are all, do you guys have family all over? Or do you just like in Wyoming.
Taylor Macdonald: No, we don't have family in Wyoming.
Maria Minina (she/her): Got it. Well.
Maria Minina (she/her): I'm envious of your adventures, so.
Taylor Macdonald: Please. Move around.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah. Well, I definitely want to thank you for getting in the way a couple on Monday.
Maria Minina (she/her): it like me. You're kind of like maintaining
Maria Minina (she/her): last week. I we're using. Are we still okay with using numbers.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, yeah. Cause last week
Maria Minina (she/her): mom puts the weights in twice a week. But I usually just do like the week to week. So you were 103.6. Now you're 104. So like maintaining.
Taylor Macdonald: And then there was one day that we didn't. Log, I was at 1, 0, 4.8, and then I dropped down to 1 0 4, so like it's like on and off.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, yeah, that makes sense, I mean, and that can.
Maria Minina (she/her): And that's why I like to say that it's like maintained when it's more in the decimals, because right like we could get gassy, and that could increase our weight a little bit and things like that. So, but it is good to hear.
Maria Minina (she/her): What did you think when you saw 104.8.
Taylor Macdonald: I was happier that it was going up.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): did it? Cause I know you've been preparing, or at least
Maria Minina (she/her): helping out with making your meals.
Maria Minina (she/her): Did it impact
Maria Minina (she/her): your ability to do that in any way.
Taylor Macdonald: No I was still well, it was kind of hard because we were in our trailer to like keep eating like bigger, fuller meals like at a specific time. So that was one thing I think started making me go like up and down, because it's like, Oh, I'm eating food now, but then I'm not eating it. Later, when I need it.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: So. Yeah, but I tried to keep him
Taylor Macdonald: pretty like.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): definitely.
Maria Minina (she/her): No. And I I mean, I can even imagine it getting more difficult if it's like just feeling discomfort like, Oh, I don't wanna make myself something. Give myself a stomach ache like.
Taylor Macdonald: Oh, yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: You do worry about that. Oh, no.
Maria Minina (she/her): That's 1 thing that kinda gets you worked up.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, because sometimes I'll eat something like that is like my stomach just is like, Oh, that does not feel good right now. Here, too, like we made quinoa and stuff to have in the fridge. And then she made herself a salad quinoa to it. So she did, but it was getting bigger and bigger. She wanted to add more and more stuff to it.
Taylor Macdonald: And then I looked at. I'm like, let's just cut this in half and start with half. So that way, if you feel full, you can save it for later, and it doesn't get wasted. And then you still have. So she actually
Taylor Macdonald: ate the other half the next day. Right? Because I'm like, that's getting kind of big. Is that what's good.
Maria Minina (she/her): In Italy, no.
Taylor Macdonald: I was just worried how she would feel.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, no, Marissa, was it also like
Maria Minina (she/her): not wanting to?
Maria Minina (she/her): I just give her that like negative experience of volume, and then like, totally scare her away from it.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah. So because I said, Okay, we're gonna have this half and then eat that. And if you want it, you're totally come back and get it. But after that she was like, I think I'll wait a while. Yeah, that's fine.
Maria Minina (she/her): And like so sounds like, maybe, Taylor, you've been trying to kind of fit into that equip plate.
Taylor Macdonald: yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Tell me more about that cause. I do know
Maria Minina (she/her): Carbs are something that at least at some point, maybe not as much now, but your eating disorder was hung up on.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, I. Well, I go back sometimes, and I'll like, Go on her phone and find, like the little image of the plate, and like what the portion should be. So I like, remember, I'm like, Oh, like 50% grain, 50% grain. So I try to do that. And then I'm all like, okay veggies and then fruit. And then
Taylor Macdonald: you got the protein. So I try to try and measure everything out like to try and make sure it's like enough of what I need. But then, also, I don't want to focus too much on it. Because then people are gonna be like, why are you focusing so hard on it? Because.
Maria Minina (she/her): That would be my next question of like, Are are you finding yourself now hung up on the portion sizes.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, I try. I try not to like be too concerned about it, because everybody everybody's gonna call me out for something, even if I don't realize they're gonna be like, are you
Taylor Macdonald: like messed up like on this.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, everyone has eyes on you right now.
Taylor Macdonald: They do?
Maria Minina (she/her): They do? They do?
Taylor Macdonald: She was eating usually when we're home. If we're at a restaurant she'll eat corn tortillas, but at home she usually eats like her cassava, or like alternate ones. But last night she did eat the corn tortillas, and then, like the starch portion.
Taylor Macdonald: And the night before we had like nachos with like corn tortillas since we didn't, or corn chips because we didn't have tortillas.
Taylor Macdonald: so I still tried to get like enough chips, and like we put a little bit of rice and.
Maria Minina (she/her): Hmm.
Taylor Macdonald: Just quinoa yeah, quinoa and
Taylor Macdonald: beef, and like avocado and stuff like that. So a bunch of like good stuff, I think that I was supposed to be having, but I was still trying to focus on like I need the grain. So I guess I need to put like more of that than like veggies. Usually I'll be like, oh, I would like more veggies than.
Maria Minina (she/her): Like.
Taylor Macdonald: Other things. Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, that
Maria Minina (she/her): I think that's a lot of people's default, right? And so you're also breaking that kind of like cultural habit, too.
Maria Minina (she/her): like, so
Maria Minina (she/her): cause
Maria Minina (she/her): you might just be how you phrased it. But now I'm not like catching exactly the words, but like when you mentioned tortilla chips, it sounded a little bit more like
Maria Minina (she/her): I had to have tortilla chips in it.
Maria Minina (she/her): cause that's a carb also, is it like?
Maria Minina (she/her): Is it labeled differently in your mind than like quinoa.
Taylor Macdonald: No? Well, it's just different, in a way, because it's like 2 different types of things. And I think that honestly, I don't even know I just kind of like think I'm all like quinoa, I guess, has like
Taylor Macdonald: more benefits because it has like protein, and it's a more of like a fiber, and then corn's kind of just like all it is is a grain. It doesn't have protein. It doesn't have all the other stuff, but I like them both. I don't think.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay.
Taylor Macdonald: Them are like bad for me. Really.
Maria Minina (she/her): Maybe Mom can offer some feedback, too. Once you answer, and then
Maria Minina (she/her): because I know you're trying not to worry. But obviously the worry is still there about portioning and and all of that
Maria Minina (she/her): does it feel like when that's happening?
Maria Minina (she/her): Does it feel like it's kind of coming from more of a place of
Maria Minina (she/her): perfectionism, and getting it right, or more about
Maria Minina (she/her): like
Maria Minina (she/her): still maintaining some strictness with
Maria Minina (she/her): still maintaining that, like strict control over what's actually going in your body.
Taylor Macdonald: A little bit of both, I guess, cause I do like to. I do want to make sure that I am doing it right. But then I also, I do like to have control over it, like, okay.
Taylor Macdonald: if this is perfect enough, then I'm gonna be happy.
Taylor Macdonald: It's like I'm doing it right, because I don't want to end up like accidentally, because I probably will end up. If I don't like. Think about that all the time, I'll probably end up putting like half the plate is veggies, and then like a little bit of grain. And then I'm like, Wait. I wasn't supposed to do that.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): Mom, what about you? What's what's been your impression.
Taylor Macdonald: No, I think that's true, too.
Taylor Macdonald: Yes, she's yeah, we're both just trying to figure in, you know, more grains now and think about like. Oh, wait! Half of this is supposed to be that, or tortillas count for that. So.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Let's get more of that in.
Taylor Macdonald: But it's good. I mean she. Today we just got
Taylor Macdonald: thrive market. She we just got
Taylor Macdonald: her. Would you get rolled oats? Yeah, we just got oats and gluten free, organic. So she's gonna do those. So we're just trying to figure out what she she likes looking at all the ingredients on everything. So it's like it has to be something. Okay. We can't find this one at the store. So we're ordering this one or
Taylor Macdonald: right? Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Let's cool
Maria Minina (she/her): enlighten me. I've never compared ingredients on oats.
Taylor Macdonald: Well,
Taylor Macdonald: Some of them aren't gluten free, and it's not that they necessarily have gluten in them. But I read that I was look. I was curious, because I'm all like what makes oats not gluten free, because, like they're all naturally gluten free, I'm like, do they put like flour or something on them, so they don't stick, or it's just like the processing, I guess. So like they put them
Taylor Macdonald: like through a space that has like wheat or something. So it's just been contaminated. So that's what I gotta look for is, cause I'm like, I don't necessarily know if that would bug me too much, but I just don't know if that would bug me. So I try to look for like that like, just to make sure it's like gluten free, and that kind of stuff, and most of the time like even when we went to like when we were traveling and we went to the gas station. I was looking at all the protein bars, and most of them had milk, so like everybody.
Taylor Macdonald: was probably like looking at me like, why is she staring at all the granola bars.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, but you're kind of you are cornered into checking labels because of your your allergies.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): And you know I.
Taylor Macdonald: Oh, I was gonna say, and then with the organic ones, it's because of the pesticides on the
Taylor Macdonald: on the oats.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Diet, organic, then.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, that makes sense.
Taylor Macdonald: Because of. They're not susceptible to pesticides.
Maria Minina (she/her): Got it. Okay? So that's what you're looking at.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): I mean.
Maria Minina (she/her): it makes sense not to want to test out your tolerance of gluten right now. That can come at a later date when you're just more comfortable getting food in, anyway.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay. Gosh.
Maria Minina (she/her): it's really, it's really, really cool to see how enthusiastic you are. And like.
Maria Minina (she/her): I mean, your willingness to still be like, yeah, I have some hangups, but
Maria Minina (she/her): it's really cool to see you're challenging yourself and
Maria Minina (she/her): are you starting to see? And this is for mom, too. Are you guys starting to see any places where maybe you will need support.
Taylor Macdonald: I think every place that I might need support. They're already kind of like helping me with like if I say like, I don't really like, feel like eating right there. Now, they're like, it's been like 4 h. You would need to at least eat like a handful of nuts or something. I'm like, okay, fine.
Maria Minina (she/her): Good job, mom.
Taylor Macdonald: Or not so much water. Because I'm like, Okay, that's enough. Now you need to eat.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: And then in a while you can have some more, but really trying to still
Taylor Macdonald: watch the ounces of water right? That's because she'll just keep drinking water, and we're like Nope, that's enough.
Taylor Macdonald: More, just like a like a reflex. Now it's just like I ate. Now I'm gonna drink some water, and then, like I get, I forget about eating again, because I'm all like I've been drinking water for like the past hour. So I'm like, I feel even more full than I did 20 min ago.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, okay, yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): mom's already doing it. But yeah, keep an eye on that water.
Maria Minina (she/her): Because I can also see it being like, you know we have taken away a lot of your exercise and your
Maria Minina (she/her): pop, your
Maria Minina (she/her): your brain is a little less busy thinking about the next way to support this eating disorder. So it also makes sense to have that reflex of like, I'm bored. I'm gonna pick up my water and chug it.
Maria Minina (she/her): So yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): you and an eye on that. Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): what about you, mom, are you in dad? Finding areas where
Maria Minina (she/her): you're you're running into any concerns or anything.
Taylor Macdonald: I don't think so. She's been doing really good, like she does research her food or stuff, but letting her still, you know, pick out which things she wants to eat like yesterday.
Taylor Macdonald: What'd you have? She had like a breakfast burrito with some. I think I had rice in it, too. Right the quinoa, sweet potatoes, oh, sweet potato and eggs and veggies and tortilla, and then today she wanted
Taylor Macdonald: oatmeal.
Taylor Macdonald: and then something else, and then tomorrow she'll probably have her overnight oats or something, but it's just still trying to figure out what she wants to eat. But how we're fitting it in with those grains and.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Different
Taylor Macdonald: different stuff.
Taylor Macdonald: But that's all. I think. Just making sure there's that available to what she.
Taylor Macdonald: you know, wants to eat or feels like eating. It's not the same thing every day. Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, everything's going. Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): That's good, Taylor. Then I'm gonna
Maria Minina (she/her): another hypothetical, I guess. But
Maria Minina (she/her): If you do start fall when, as this meal, as you continue following this meal. I'm going to say it that way. As you continue following the meal, plan and and time progresses.
Maria Minina (she/her): we are going to start seeing changes in your weight and your body. And I want to start, maybe talking about how
Maria Minina (she/her): how we can support you around that especially, how like mom can
Maria Minina (she/her): And so
Maria Minina (she/her): again, I'm going to kind of ask you to to to fortune tell. But
Maria Minina (she/her): when you're thinking about that, where do you see the issues coming up.
Taylor Macdonald: Hmm!
Taylor Macdonald: Trying to think
Taylor Macdonald: the issues
Taylor Macdonald: that I think about like when I think about gaining weight. Is that what you're asking.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah. Like, if I'm like Taylor, your body's gonna change a little bit. It's right. We're gonna start probably seeing some weight gain.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, I don't really. I don't see like
Taylor Macdonald: too much, I guess, of an issue with that I
Taylor Macdonald: I want to be more healthy. But I just
Taylor Macdonald: like I told you before, like I don't really want to be like back up to where I started, and if I do gain a little bit of weight. And I do like, get a little bit like if I gain weight, and it's a little more visible than where I am now. That's okay.
Taylor Macdonald: But yeah, I just don't really want to be like back up to where I started. And I know I probably won't have to do that.
Taylor Macdonald: But if I if I have to gain a little, and it makes me just a tiny bit bigger, that's that's okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): Well, you know her better, but I wasn't very convinced by that tone of voice. At the end.
Taylor Macdonald: Well.
Taylor Macdonald: my concern. Well.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: We we went while we were in Wyoming, to.
Maria Minina (she/her): Mom might just notice stuff you don't notice, that's all.
Taylor Macdonald: Well to get jeans, and she was getting really, really frustrated with buying clothes. So that's my only thing is that I think the whole clothes thing is gonna be frustrating.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Because I was being at the store was frustrating. It was. It wasn't frustrating, because everything was like too small or anything. It was like the fact that
Taylor Macdonald: it was. It wasn't even like the sizing. It was more of just like the fit of certain jeans like, because, like different fabrics fit me differently, and it was like 2 sizes fit me. But somehow, like the
Taylor Macdonald: the bigger ones fit me better because they felt almost smaller. So it was like confusing. I'm like the bigger ones feel smaller, but the smaller ones feel like looser. How does that work?
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Have you ever talked to more about this? Or have you noticed how
Maria Minina (she/her): women's clothing sizes are not the same across the board.
Taylor Macdonald: I've told her even the same like I used to go to express jeans all the time, and there'd be the same pants in a different color, but they would not fit the same. They'd all be so yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): No, I it's i i've had. I've had teams. Show me after they go shopping like this is a size. This this is a size this, and they're holding them all up. And they're the exact same size, right?
Maria Minina (she/her): And
Maria Minina (she/her): you being a like a young woman, you are facing that unique challenge of like
Maria Minina (she/her): boys, just measure their waist and their leg length.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): All they need to know.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, sure.
Maria Minina (she/her): Forced to try on clothes to see if they fit.
Taylor Macdonald: Yes, and I noticed, too, because, like, when I would get like closer if I would look on like the measurements online. And I measured myself. I measured like the waist, and then I measured like my hips, and then my leg length, and I noticed that my hips are like smaller than normal. So everything that I get is going to be baggy around my hips. Because then I look at the measurement. And it's all like, okay, if you have like a 27 waist you should have like a 37 hip. I'm like.
Taylor Macdonald: my hips are like 34. So it's like smaller.
Maria Minina (she/her): You're also a kid. Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Yes, it's like smaller and smaller. I'm like, everything's gonna be like, if the waist gets too big, then, like these pants are gonna fall, because, like I have no hips to hold them up.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah. So so then you're forced to try on clothes in person.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah. And then I I told my mom all like those like kids jeans that have like the buttons, and like the the elastic, where you can tighten them. I'm like those should be like in all jeans, because.
Maria Minina (she/her): You just brought back a memory for me.
Taylor Macdonald: I'm like. Everybody deserves those buttons and elastics, because, like, if you can tighten it more or loosen it, it would be perfect.
Maria Minina (she/her): And Mcdonald for president. That is a great idea.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, that's.
Maria Minina (she/her): Beautiful. Yeah. Okay, so that so just the inconsistencies were frustrating.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, that would. That was the thing. It was just like trying to figure out and also trying to think about like what size was going to fit me better. And then I also think about like, Oh, if I wash it, is it going to get too small? Or if I wear it enough. Is it going to break in and stretch out too big? And that ended up kind of being the
Taylor Macdonald: disappointing part, because I got the gns and then. Now they're kind of too big, and I'm all like, oh, I should have gotten the smaller ones.
Taylor Macdonald: Okay. Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay, yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Was there any part of you that
Maria Minina (she/her): like cause? I know logically, you, you understand this part, that the
Maria Minina (she/her): especially Jean sizes are not uniform.
Maria Minina (she/her): Was there any part of you, though, while you were shopping? Where.
Maria Minina (she/her): when you tried on a size that was
Maria Minina (she/her): bigger, you like had a judgment about that.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: No, not really because I I do keep that in mind. I'm like, well, different things fit in different ways. And then, like the I feel like almost sometimes it's like
Taylor Macdonald: bigger is better, because that way it also has room to shrink.
Taylor Macdonald: Or if you get it smaller, it's gonna be too small. So I'm not. I'm not like opposed to sizing up, because that's fine.
Taylor Macdonald: and that will give me room to either like get taller or like. Whatever happens, it like, has room to shrink it as
Taylor Macdonald: like more
Taylor Macdonald: flexibility. So we don't have to buy more.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Are, are these the internal conversations you have with yourself?
Taylor Macdonald: Well, sometimes. Yeah. Cause I'll try and think about it. I'm like, well, what is the best thing I can do? So I can get these without having to like them be like, oh, they don't fit anymore. We gotta buy new ones.
Maria Minina (she/her): I'm just. I'm very impressed by it, and your ability to like check the facts
Maria Minina (she/her): of a situation.
Taylor Macdonald: She tells me about that all the time, too. She's like, well, remember, don't get them too small, because if, like, they shrink in the wash. Then they're gonna be small.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yes.
Taylor Macdonald: Right after we buy them. Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Definitely. Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay, so maybe. So that that's a a delicate thing. Right now, a little bit delicate brings up some feelings.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): I think it's really cool, too, that though, that you were still willing and able to go shopping.
Taylor Macdonald: I, yeah, I really, I enjoy shopping a lot, because then I like seeing all like the new things and seeing like what types of different like clothing is there? Because you don't get to see everything like online, like you can go find like brand new stuff like you've never seen before in the store it could be by the same company. You look online, and it's not there.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: I like just going into store personally, because you can see all the stuff that's actually there. And then you you have to try it on most of the time. It's so hard to order stuff online.
Maria Minina (she/her): do you? Do you enjoy like fashion as a concept? Cause you said like looking at the different clothes and.
Taylor Macdonald: Oh, yeah, I really I do. I like looking at all the different stuff. And in here she
Taylor Macdonald: what's the is it still procreate? She draws dresses and designs, dresses and stuff on, procreate.
Taylor Macdonald: so that.
Maria Minina (she/her): You. You don't have to, but you have to share that with me.
Taylor Macdonald: I do interior design again when she gets older. So I was trying to look for schools again while we were traveling, and but the only one I could find was, you had to be 16
Taylor Macdonald: to do an online one to get a degree. So not that far away, Nope, the other one.
Maria Minina (she/her): No, I'm like not that. Far away.
Taylor Macdonald: 18. So.
Taylor Macdonald: But yeah, we were trying to find classes for her to do. But she really likes
Taylor Macdonald: clothing, design, and like home design.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, that's cool.
Maria Minina (she/her): hey? Make inclusive clothing.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Clothing.
Taylor Macdonald: I'll I'll put the buttons and elastics.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yes, and we need all the buttons and elastics, and all the dresses, all the pants.
Taylor Macdonald: A built-in belt.
Maria Minina (she/her): That'll be the the key about your your fashion line.
Taylor Macdonald: Yes.
Maria Minina (she/her): Oh, that's cool.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, I'm like you're doing. I was. I was gonna flip that into. How can we use that as motivation for recovery. But right now I think you you're motivated. So we don't need to like flip it like that.
Maria Minina (she/her): But okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): what else is going on? Taylor.
Taylor Macdonald: Nothing. Really. I just been
Taylor Macdonald: trying to figure out different things that like I might need to be doing like mostly just with, like the portions and stuff. Now that we do have the meal plan, because I've been trying to think like we've been looking back and like when we try to do like something different, like, instead of like the same thing every night we try to look for like
Taylor Macdonald: well, these are just examples that they give us, but we were looking last night for something, and we were looking on the list. They're like, wait. They didn't even put this on the list, so like. Should I be eating it or not? I think it was yesterday morning when we were making the breakfast. Burritos I'm like, I don't know necessarily if I want rice this morning in my burrito. Can I do like sweet potatoes instead? And we did that, but we were looking on the list, and we're like sweet, like. Potatoes aren't even on here, but I'm pretty sure they're a starch.
Taylor Macdonald: I think it should be okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): I I'm like, I think so, but definitely ask ask Gabby tomorrow.
Maria Minina (she/her): but I mean, it's.
Maria Minina (she/her): you know, some another thing with like burritos and stuff like that's a combination meal. So a lot of that stuff is also doubling. As like you say, quinoa is also protein.
Maria Minina (she/her): So there's a way to to switch it up.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: And I also thought about, because when I had the burrito I had like a cassava flour tortilla. So I looked it up because I was curious. I'm like, what is consava like considered. And I'm all like, Oh, it's actually it's a starchy root. So that also counts for another starch, I guess so I could do that, and I could put potatoes, and it would probably be
Taylor Macdonald: counting for like if I had like a cup of rice.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, you have such a cool palate. I love all the stuff that you're willing to eat.
Maria Minina (she/her): Have you been having any sort of like
Maria Minina (she/her): feelings about exercise.
Taylor Macdonald: Miss it, cause I was thinking about it yesterday, and I like sometimes like today, I did it, and yesterday I did it like, I'll get up and I'll just stretch for like a couple of minutes, like I'll touch my toes like twist and stretch my arms and stuff. And that's almost like, okay, that's probably good enough, because I don't want to like accidentally, do something that's gonna like speed up my metabolism again, because I don't personally know how fast it's going right now, because I'm not a doctor.
Taylor Macdonald: But I do miss it, cause it kind of just gave me something to do.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Do you think about it a lot.
Taylor Macdonald: Not a lot, but it's it's if it's not like really like a thought. If I think about it a lot like I need to be exercising. I need to be doing this because I'm eating so much more. It's
Taylor Macdonald: I just miss it because I liked doing it, and it like it was part of like my daily thing. I just like I would get up. I would like eat breakfast, and then I'd exercise. I'd do my homework, and then I'd go on with the rest of my day. So it was kind of like it gave me like a little bit more like it would fill in the space of the day.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): no. And it's it stinks that. Yeah. The eating disorder twisted it because it was something that was
Maria Minina (she/her): good and enjoyable.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): I'm gonna ask you, have you found yourself like trying to stand more, though, or do any sort of other stuff to kind of make up for the fact that you can't move as much.
Taylor Macdonald: I probably I probably have been standing a lot more because when we were working in our family's haunted house like.
Maria Minina (she/her): Oh, well, that's.
Taylor Macdonald: Share.
Taylor Macdonald: There was a chair right there, but like I'd be working for like I don't know, like 3, 4 h, and I was standing for like 3 to 4 h at a time, like I was not sitting down very much like, unless I was like I brought like a bag of walnuts, and I was like sitting down, and I was like taking off my gloves because my hands were cold, and
Taylor Macdonald: so I was taking them off putting them on the seat and then eating my walnuts. And I'd be like, Okay, I'm gonna get back up again. But the way that I was working. I had to be like up. So I could like look through all like the little like peepholes and stuff to see when people were coming. So I'm like, Okay, I guess I'm just not gonna sit down because I don't feel like going up and down, up and down, up and down.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Getting comfy, getting up.
Maria Minina (she/her): What about after meals? What do you usually do?
Taylor Macdonald: Thanks.
Taylor Macdonald: I might end up standing for a minute, but usually I just kind of like sit down, relax, because sometimes I'm like, oh, that was a lot.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, that's good. Okay? I'm I'm gonna put that on. I'm asking. I'm not saying it's a behavior. It's something that you're doing. But I'm just gonna put it on Mom's radar because it could just start impulsively happening
Maria Minina (she/her): that
Maria Minina (she/her): we do sometimes see that when
Maria Minina (she/her): we have to have exercise restriction. And our bodies do start changing that like teens will start standing more or like, yeah, you just see them standing in the living room after a meal, or like taking the long way through the house.
Taylor Macdonald: So.
Maria Minina (she/her): And it just being mindful about little things like that of more. So of like, is this becoming a pattern?
Maria Minina (she/her): Are are we maybe subconsciously, or maybe a little bit consciously, trying to burn a few extra calories in some way.
Taylor Macdonald: Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): Not saying you're doing that, Taylor, but it's just.
Taylor Macdonald: That taking the long way around the house with like, if we if I was in like our trailer, or something, I'd definitely probably like end up being like instead of like going this way, I'd probably go around like probably not even like thinking about it. I'd probably be like, I'm just gonna go this way.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, yeah, sometimes it's just a a weird, a feeling we have. And we follow it.
Maria Minina (she/her): you know. Especially, because, like you are, you're in. You're in week 4 right now. I kind of think of it as more of like week 3. Because of how the intakes are staggered.
Maria Minina (she/her): And it's it's really cool to see how how motivated you are. And sometimes without, like the 6 7 week mark, we do start just seeing people get a little tired and burned out.
Maria Minina (she/her): And so
Maria Minina (she/her): I'm just saying that now, so that if you do at some point realize, like man, I'm not feeling as motivated or like. This is a little bit harder that you're able to hopefully talk to Mom about that. But, more importantly, like not
Maria Minina (she/her): be judgmental or like hard on yourself for it, like, why am I suddenly not motivated, or something?
Maria Minina (she/her): because a lot of times
Maria Minina (she/her): at that point the eating disorder could feel a lot more cornered
Maria Minina (she/her): than it has in the past.
Maria Minina (she/her): and kind of starts like
Maria Minina (she/her): lashing out on you.
Taylor Macdonald: Hmm.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yes. So something to just keep in mind.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay, yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): But it sounds like, so far, you haven't really noticed any. Your eating disorder getting much louder.
Taylor Macdonald: No, I haven't like noticed like if anything, I've probably noticed it less like more of like the like. Thinking about everything like.
Maria Minina (she/her): Thank you.
Taylor Macdonald: So I I still think about it sometimes, or like I'll think about it a little bit. But like I'm not always like thinking about like, what is this? What am I eating right now? I don't know. Like it doesn't like
Taylor Macdonald: super super bug me anymore.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: I think, because we have like this week and next week that we're here. But then we are the 2 weeks after that gonna be on the cruise. So that's gonna be
Taylor Macdonald: the next thing figuring out.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yes.
Taylor Macdonald: What kind of food they have at the buffets, and what kind of food. So we're gonna have to like
Taylor Macdonald: navigate that when we get on there and figure out what we can eat to.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: This 2 weeks will be kind of
Taylor Macdonald: like, safe weeks. Kind of right, like, you know what we're eating. But then it's gonna be different for a couple of weeks. So that's getting into like the 6 and 7 weeks, too. We're gonna be kind of off for a couple of weeks and.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Seeing what we can.
Taylor Macdonald: Well, we're going to. We're going to Mexico. So I'm guessing they're probably gonna have Tacos. There's a Taco bar on the cruise ship.
Maria Minina (she/her): Gonna have delicious food. That's for sure.
Taylor Macdonald: And then I was like, there's probably brown rice at the buffet you can have like rice still, and veggies. I think that they did when we were on our other cruise, too, like 6 months ago, and they, I think they had like rices and stuff they had like a salad bar. But
Taylor Macdonald: I also, I still like, try to look out, because, like I'll think about it for a minute. I'm like, what is this made of like cause like I also try to think of like
Taylor Macdonald: that. Probably like even the eggs I'm like, they probably put like milk in those scrambled eggs like to make them more fluffy, or like they probably put like flour, or something in this like, or this is made of gluten or dairy, or something like that. So I like try to be cautious of that, because I'm like I don't know what's in it.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): And while on your cruise like that's
Maria Minina (she/her): keep an eye on that right about, am I? Yeah, am I more curious about flour and and dairy and gluten? Or am I starting to worry about other ingredients in the food as well.
Maria Minina (she/her): because I yeah, the the flour and and dairy I'm not as concerned about you worrying about, because that's your gut health.
Maria Minina (she/her): But yeah, if if you start thinking like, what oil or did they add any extra butter in this or things like that.
Maria Minina (she/her): those are the little red flags.
Maria Minina (she/her): And like
Maria Minina (she/her): I don't know how cruises work with like bringing your own like you bring. I'm thinking, if there's a day that's like really hard. Can we have stuff in our cabin.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, you can bring snacks. And I actually saw this lady because it was our 1st cruise. The last one went on with my family, and she was actually down the elevator, and she had, like
Taylor Macdonald: a case or 2 of like an alternative milk that she had with her. Yeah, in her different foods. And I was like, Wow, like she was bringing a lot of stuff.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay.
Taylor Macdonald: She was like, Oh, yeah, they always let me bring all this. And she was actually like on a cart taking an elevator. How much food she had brought.
Maria Minina (she/her): Dang, okay.
Taylor Macdonald: I think, she said, that she was like allergic to like Soy, or something like that
Taylor Macdonald: allergic, I think, to like gluten dairy and soy, so.
Maria Minina (she/her): Oh! Damn!
Taylor Macdonald: Oh
Taylor Macdonald: yes!
Maria Minina (she/her): Very limited, though.
Taylor Macdonald: What's a boring? But we're driving this time and not flying. So I figured, too, that she could have, like her own bag with, you know different snacks that she likes.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yes, that's what I was thinking of, like nutrient, dense stuff, so that if there is a meal that's like, Oh, the all these eggs are clearly made with milk, and all of that. Can I go and get just like.
Taylor Macdonald: We were able to find a special station last time that actually
Taylor Macdonald: made eggs to order. So that was better, too, like over easy or whatever. Yeah. Oh, I didn't know. So there was one like, you have to look at the different restaurants. See what they have. But you just yeah, it's kind of a challenge if you have to be, you know, worried about it. But they do make yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: certain things different places. So yeah. And I I tell her all the time I'm like, I'm very grateful that I am not like deathly allergic to anything, because if I had to be like strictly, strictly like worried about everything. I would never stop thinking, because I'm like, at least, if I accidentally get it like, if it's a little bit, or if it's like
Taylor Macdonald: in there, somehow, it's not. Gonna it's not gonna affect me so much as like if I'm eating like yogurt or something like that.
Maria Minina (she/her): Bye, bye.
Taylor Macdonald: Pure dairy, which would probably mess up my stomach. But
Taylor Macdonald: but until you are getting better with, we start eating like grass, fed butter, and she feels like she's better with that part of dairy. So yeah, I was, I was adding in different things, yeah, adding, in like the grass fed dairy has not seemed to bug me as much, and I kind of like thought about it for a minute. I'm like, why does it seem like the regular dairy like bugs me more than this, and
Taylor Macdonald: I was researching it. And it says that, like, Non, I researched it again.
Maria Minina (she/her): I smile when you say research, but I appreciate it.
Taylor Macdonald: Because I was just researching. I'm all like, why do I feel like it's like bugging me more than like the grass fed and like the ones that are 100% grass fed is, that's all they're getting. They're all just getting grass, that's it. And
Taylor Macdonald: yes, they're not getting green grains. And the ones that have not been grass fed, I guess, get fed like sometimes, like wheat or other things. So I'm like, maybe it's kind of just like the gluten, or something that like was affecting me, not so much like
Taylor Macdonald: I mean, I was, I think, allergic to dairy when I was little, but like if I've outgrown it now, like maybe it was just like the gluten more now that kind of messes with my stomach.
Taylor Macdonald: probably because I haven't had it in so long like when I didn't eat it for a long time, and then tried it again. My stomach's like, I'm not used to this anymore. That is not that does not feel good.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): I'm not a chemist. But I think you might be onto something right if someone's eating something constantly, I imagine, like that's gonna come out in the milk production.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): interesting. Well.
Maria Minina (she/her): glad you're still experimenting.
Maria Minina (she/her): I'm smiling now because I'm thinking about probably how much
Maria Minina (she/her): I'm gonna say, random knowledge that you have but good knowledge that you have
Maria Minina (she/her): and that you're developing around like nutrition and things like that.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, definitely, definitely, random knowledge. Like, if somebody like, if somebody asked me like, Oh, what like? I wonder what that cow is getting fed over there, I'd be like I have no idea. But I can tell you right now. It's probably not grass fed.
Maria Minina (she/her): And here's how I know.
Taylor Macdonald: It's so funny.
Maria Minina (she/her): Got it. Oh, my gosh.
Maria Minina (she/her): Taylor, now that I know that I did forget that the cruise is coming up.
Maria Minina (she/her): Do you have any additional concern cause. I I agree, making sure we have the foods.
Maria Minina (she/her): Sorted out and planned ahead.
Maria Minina (she/her): Do you have any additional concerns about just like
Maria Minina (she/her): I don't know. I don't know what you have concerns about.
Taylor Macdonald: Well, I think like it does kind of get harder like when you have to like, be on a place, or be in a place that has like certain things like, and that's all they have, like they usually do have a lot of options like.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Different diets and different people and stuff, and they'll try and do that like. So people have options. What I've noticed also is like they don't have like either, just like a gluten and dairy free like version, unless it's like a salad or something like that.
Taylor Macdonald: But like you either have to pick like gluten, free or vegan, like.
Maria Minina (she/her): Poison. Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Pick which one you're gonna have, because they most of the time don't do both.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: But they do have a lot of options, and I guess my biggest concern would be like not being able to find something like that I need like. Oh, for lunch, like they're serving all this other stuff. But that does not sound good right now. I don't really feel like having that, or like
Taylor Macdonald: ending up like being like oh, nothing sounds good, and then not eating anything that would probably be.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Something I would be scared of doing. But I also know like I'm like I have to eat.
Taylor Macdonald: so I guess I'll go eat like rice and veggies, or something like that, if I can find it. Well, there's other. There's like usually like this one, too, I think, because the Sushi restaurant. So there is
Taylor Macdonald: like that. And so I mean, that's still, you're getting your rice and your
Taylor Macdonald: everything in it. But
Taylor Macdonald: yeah, so it's just gonna be. We should have to think about it. And yeah, and plan it out there. There was supposed to be on our last cruise. There was supposed to be a smoothie bar. But we got on the cruise, and we asked, like all the waiters we're like, Hey, we haven't seen the smoothie bar yet. Where is it. And they're like, Oh, that's on the next class up of the cruises. You have to get on a bigger cruise to get that. I'm like. It was advertised on this one. I've been looking forward to getting a smoothie since we got on this dang ship.
Taylor Macdonald: There was, though, like the the pizza restaurant, it's open like.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: 3 Am. Because they did have a gluten free option, and you could get no cheese on it and just veggies whatever you want.
Taylor Macdonald: So she was always something kind of open. If she wanted to go get pizza.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, and maybe having to tolerate eating food that you don't necessarily want in the moment
Maria Minina (she/her): sound the best. But it's still.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah, do do I want to choose what sounds good? Or do I want to choose what's gonna make me feel good because we are trapped on this boat for like another week, so I don't really feel like being sick.
Maria Minina (she/her): Exactly. Yeah. And maybe that's exactly of the way you're gonna be making decisions of, like.
Maria Minina (she/her): right? You need to make a recovery focused decision. It's do I just completely skip this meal, or do I maybe eat something? That's not my preference, but it's fine.
Maria Minina (she/her): And then I have energy for the rest of the day.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): see, I think it'll be interesting to. I'm going to be so curious to hear your your feedback on, just like how your brain processed, everything going on around you.
Maria Minina (she/her): So.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: at least you've done it once, right? Yeah, at least, I've done it once.
Maria Minina (she/her): Know what to expect.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: a little bit. Yeah. They. They have, like certain restaurants that like close for a certain period of time. And then they reback like open up or something. But I wonder if there's like any different restaurants on this one? Since we're going to a different place. It is. There's Johnny rockets that the last one didn't have.
Maria Minina (she/her): Oh, that's fun!
Taylor Macdonald: For, like the milkshakes, I know you won't eat them, but Sean probably will. So the the drink pass works for milkshakes there. So there is, there's different. And then the Taco shop is like the hot dog place the other one probably had. Remember fish and chips. Yeah. So this one has Tacos. I'll be spending my time there.
Maria Minina (she/her): Do you like Mexican food?
Taylor Macdonald: I do. That's like our safest thing not having to get like Gluten Dairy. So I
Taylor Macdonald: because unless you get like, unless you get like nachos or something. Then it's probably gonna have like cheese or something on it. But most of the time it's just like corn tortillas, carne asada onions and cilantro. That's it. And your avocado, yeah. And like, if you want guacamole, you can have it. But it's mostly.
Maria Minina (she/her): I can see you enjoying being able to look down on a burrito and see all the ingredients I feel like that gives you a sense of safety.
Taylor Macdonald: Yes.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, cause I remember last week you about, I think, Chili, or something you're like. I don't know what's in it.
Taylor Macdonald: Oh, my cousin, yeah. Yeah. Well, cause I also think about like, sometimes I'm all like.
Taylor Macdonald: this isn't like the same person. This person does not make the food the same way we do. And I know we make our food like differently, because we have to like avoid certain things sometimes. So I'm like, I don't know like what type of like
Taylor Macdonald: stuff they're putting in there so like they might put like flour in their chili to make it like thicker or something like that. So I kind of like, think about that. I'm all like
Taylor Macdonald: they might add extra things that I wouldn't normally add. So I kinda like, think about that aspect of like, they might do things differently. And it might be like something I don't even think about normally like that would be in there.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): that is the case I have noticed with like, dairy or eggs or flour. Yeah, it's it's in stuff where I'm like, why is, does this have to be here like.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): But.
Taylor Macdonald: Like all the gluten free breads like I'm I was asking my mom I'm like, is that why, vegans and stuff like mostly eat like they still eat like bread and stuff because it doesn't have eggs. And she's like, yeah, because, like bread normally doesn't have eggs. But all the gluten. Free breads like don't have like the yeast most of the time to like rise, so they use eggs so like.
Maria Minina (she/her): And.
Taylor Macdonald: Combines all together.
Maria Minina (she/her): To help it, stick.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): I have some nutritional knowledge, but you're definitely outpacing me. I will say that.
Taylor Macdonald: Before all this. I think I told you, too, because she'll look up everything. And I was like, well, maybe later on, you're gonna get like, you're gonna be a dietician.
Taylor Macdonald: It's because she likes. She just researches everything like more than I do. And I'm like, Okay, Taylor. But yeah. And then this all.
Maria Minina (she/her): It's a cool job. They're they're figuring out what the body needs and like how to how to make that work. And it's it's
Maria Minina (she/her): they do, they work wonders. I appreciate that.
Taylor Macdonald: Yes.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, and it's 1 of those things where you get into it. I don't know if it's this way anymore. But like in California. Only a certain amount of people can test every year. So.
Taylor Macdonald: Oh, really.
Maria Minina (she/her): Or if, yeah, people who can become registered dietitians.
Taylor Macdonald: Oh, wow!
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah. So
Maria Minina (she/her): I think there's limited programs in California. But yeah, so it's it's a cool thing.
Maria Minina (she/her): we've got a few minutes left. I want to see if there's anything you guys want to bring up that I didn't bring up.
Taylor Macdonald: Don't
Taylor Macdonald: think so. Really.
Taylor Macdonald: I was. Kinda I was kind of just curious, like,
Taylor Macdonald: Do you think like I'd be able to meet the dietician sooner, or do you think it's probably gonna still be a while.
Maria Minina (she/her): Well.
Maria Minina (she/her): I am looking at your calendar. Honestly.
Maria Minina (she/her): I would say.
Maria Minina (she/her): are you meeting with the you're meeting the dietitian tomorrow? Mom?
Taylor Macdonald: And I just I guess she didn't have any of our growth charts or anything.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yes.
Taylor Macdonald: I was asking about that. So right after I got off the computer with her last week, I was able. We went into Taylor's phone found them all. So I think she might have more information from all the stuff I was able to get to her.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, okay, yeah. So if that's the case, if if she got growth charts and stuff that means this week Gabby's gonna talk to your mom about any like goal weight or things like that, where you should be on the growth curve. So I think maybe let's leave that conversation to them.
Maria Minina (she/her): But I think, mom, yeah, ask tomorrow. Talk to Gabby about maybe starting to include Taylor more often, maybe not every week, but
Maria Minina (she/her): more often. And then.
Maria Minina (she/her): just to remind you, you guys both do have a family and a peer mentor. So they're also just really great resources for right peer mentors been through this, and then. You have, Lisa. She had a daughter in eating disorder treatment also as a teenager. So
Maria Minina (she/her): just provide extra support and guidance. So yes.
Maria Minina (she/her): I can't give the answer about the dietician. But, mom, I'm cool with not following up. Yeah.
Taylor Macdonald: Maybe she'll let you do it next week before we go on the cruise or something. Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): Would be cool, too, because next week I will want to
Maria Minina (she/her): kind of. I want to hear your plan for the cruise next week, and how you're gonna what your game plan is. Okay.
Taylor Macdonald: Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay? And then
Maria Minina (she/her): yeah, maybe that would be cool if you could see Gabby before then, so she could give you some ideas, too.
Maria Minina (she/her): So cool.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah. And I don't think, do we have a microwave in the cruise? No, we don't have a microwave
Taylor Macdonald: we have. We had like we went to the store when we were in our trailer like, because we don't use stove in there. So we got like little microwave packets of rice, and like we could bring those, and like microwave, or something like, I found the quinoa
Taylor Macdonald: particular quinoa in the little microwave packet. So I'm like here. You can have this while we're traveling.
Maria Minina (she/her): Cool.
Taylor Macdonald: So.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, yeah, maybe not that. But there's other ideas.
Taylor Macdonald: Yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): yeah.
Maria Minina (she/her): And you know, you can always write a list of your questions for Mom to ask Gabby. So.
Taylor Macdonald: I ask her sometimes I'm like, can you ask her about this one thing? I asked her once, I'm like, can you ask her about chia seeds, and she asked her, and I got the answer back. So I'm like, Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): Beautiful, and Mom follows through. It's a it's a good good team.
Taylor Macdonald: She writes it down.
Maria Minina (she/her): Yeah, hey? So follows through.
Taylor Macdonald: Cool.
Maria Minina (she/her): Cool. Well, ladies, if that's it, I really appreciate your time. Think about a plan for the cruise. Someone ask you next week deal.
Taylor Macdonald: Okay.
Maria Minina (she/her): All right if you need anything. In the meantime, please reach out.
Taylor Macdonald: Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.